PayPal + Opayo release notes updates (#5725)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: commerce-add-ons/payment-providers/opayo/release-notes.md

<summary>Version 13</summary>

#### 13.0.1 (December 20th 2023)

> * Fixed regression due to Flurl now using System.Text.Json by defualt and so serialization wasn't working correctly. Forced use of Newtonsoft serializer untill wil can fully test using System.Text.Json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed regression due to Flurl now using System.Text.Json by default and so serialization wasn't working correctly. Forced use of Newtonsoft serializer until we can fully test using System.Text.Json
```
